feat: add tasks docs (#687)
tolgee/documentation: blog/2024-10-03-new-feature-tasks.mdx

---
slug: new-feature-tasks

> title: 'New Feature: Tasks 🎉'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Introducing Tasks – A Better Way to Manage Translation Projects'
```

description: 'Introducing Tasks, a new feature to simplify managing translation projects. Easily assign jobs, track progress, and meet deadlines—all in one place.'
authors: [sgranat]
tags: [tolgee, feature, tasks]
image: /img/blog/new-feature-tasks/tasks-intro-light.svg
---

import { ScreenshotWrapper } from '../platform/shared/_ScreenshotWrapper';

import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<ThemedImage
  alt="Slack integration"
  sources={{
    light: useBaseUrl(
      '/img/blog/new-feature-tasks/tasks-intro-light.svg'
    ),
    dark: useBaseUrl(
      '/img/blog/new-feature-tasks/tasks-intro-dark.svg'
    ),
  }}
/>

> We're thrilled to announce a brand-new feature at Tolgee: Tasks! 🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to introduce a new feature in Tolgee that simplifies translation project management: Tasks. This tool helps you assign, track, and complete translation and review tasks efficiently, all within one platform.
```
